In this post, I'll be teaching the concept of "memory addresses in computers" and the real cause of why the concept of "variables" is discovered!

Things I'll cover: 1. Why do we need memory locations/memory addresses?
        	   2. The origin point of variables.
                   3. The real relation of variables with memory addresses.

Okay! Now let's understand it with a real-world example, suppose you have a friend and you want to meet him. 
Now, in order to meet him the required thing is his "physical location". So, you'll ask for his "home address" on a phone call with him. 
Now, after the phone call you've got the "physical location/home address" of your friend and you've happily remembered it and also noted it. 
Finally! you're ready to meet him.

Before moving to the below paragraph, let's recap the standard concept of "variables". 
No doubt! Every programmer is aware of this line, "a variable is nothing but a container which is used to store data" or "a variable is used to store data".
However, let me tell you that's not the primary reason for the discovery of "variables". So, what's the primary reason?

Okay! Now let's understand it with a computer-world example, see in computers whenever data is stored in the "main memory". The "memory part" where the data is stored is nothing but a "random memory location", 
which means everything in the memory is stored at a "random memory location". So, the "memory locations/memory addresses" are the one that stores the data in the "main memory/memory region" of the computer. 
"Why do we store data in the computers? So that we can access the data anytime and can play with them".

Read this analogy to understand in a better way:
    -> We the humans are living on the earth on a different-different locations.
    -> You can relate the "earth" as the "main memory", the "different-different locations in the earth" as the "random memory locations in the main memory" and the "humans" as the "data". 
You can understand it as:
    -> The "humans" are living on the "earth" on a "different-different locations".
    -> The "data" are stored on the "main memory" on a "different-different memory locations".

Now let's recap the key points from the real-world story:
    1. You want to meet your friend.
    2. You needed the "home address" so that you could meet him.
    3. You've easily remembered the "home address" or let's say you've noted it.

Everyone! Now let's match up the points of the "real-world story" with the points of the "computer-world example":
    1. You want to access the data. ("friend of the story" is represented as the "data we want to access/store")
    2. To access the data the "memory address" of the data is required. ("home address of the friend" is represented as the "memory address of the data")
    3. Everyone! we can't remember the "memory addresses" of the data or noting the "memory address" doesn't make sense because they are in a "hexa-decimal form" which is not possible for humans to remember.

Note: A "hexa-decimal-form" is a mixed-up collection of letters(A-F) and digits(0-9). Ex: 0x1A3B4E7C, 0xF48446531, etc.
See it's hard to remember. Now the question arises "How to store the data in the computers without messing with the memory address directly?" 
and "How to access the data without messing with the memory addresses directly?". Now here comes the concept of "variables".

Now, let's understand "variables" with a C++ example: Whenever we create a variable in our program,
[int var = 20;] - this line represents is we've created a variable named "var" which stores the value 20.

Let's take the visuals of the "data in the main memory" to understand in a better way: 
Note: Suppose the below box is a "memory block for the data somewhere in the main memory".
Note: Suppose the below figure is without including the concept of "variables".

                                    ---------------
                                    | 0xF45651358 | -> it is a random memory location.
                                    ---------------
                                    |      20     | -> it is an integer value stored at the memory location.
                                    ---------------

Note: The data stored at the memory location can be of any primitive type.                          
Note: Now Suppose the below figure is with including the concept of "variables". 

                                          var       -> The variable is actually representing the memory location.
                                    ---------------
                                    | 0xF45651358 | -> It is a random memory location.
                                    ---------------
                                    |      20     | -> It is an integer value stored at the memory location.
                                    ---------------

It's obvious that a variable name is easy to remember which is created based on the "rules of the variables". 
So, the point here is the "variables" are origined so that they could be used to represent a "random memory location" where data of a primitive type is stored. 
This is the primary reason for the discovery of the variables and you've noticed that it's not directly storing the "data".
Eventually, it's just representing the "random memory location" where the data is stored. So, the real relation of variables with the memory locations is
to act as a representer for them. 

So, if you want a correct definition for the "variables" then it should be: 
    "The variables in computers are used to represent a random memory location where data of a primitive type is stored. They're often called a container which indirectly stores the data stored at the memory location. 
     Variables are designed to be easy to remember for humans, making them a user-friendly way to access data without dealing with the memory locations directly."

Hope you've got it! Raise your hand for any doubt.
Note: The above paragraphs and intuition inside it are created based on my personal knowledge and experiences. Feel free to raise your hand if you've any kind of doubt!
